Document known accuracy limitations for ApproximateBacklogCount (#4392)
temporalio/documentation: docs/develop/worker-performance.mdx

You can rely on both these counts when making scaling decisions.

#### Known accuracy limitations {#backlog-accuracy-limitations}

> These values are approximate and may be temporarily inaccurate in the following scenarios:

Author: Feels a little weird to talk about the database TTLs but I took a shot at noting there are some inaccuracies that just exist and alluded to their source.

> - **Overcount from cancelled Workflows**: When a Workflow is cancelled, its pending Tasks may still be counted in the backlog until they expire.

Author: Clarified here as well

>   Workers process Tasks in order within a partition, so valid Tasks _can_ be blocked behind invalid (expired) Tasks, but invalid Tasks cannot block other invalid Tasks.

Author: dropped partition mentions and fixed my backward logic!

>   The count eventually converges to the correct value as expired Tasks are cleared.

Author: Broke this out to talk about transient versus potentially persistent discrepancy sources.

- **Reset to zero on partition unload**: If no Workers are polling a Task Queue and no new Tasks are added for approximately 5 minutes, the Temporal Service unloads the Task Queue partition from memory.

>   When this happens, `ApproximateBacklogCount` resets to zero until the partition is reloaded (by a Worker polling or a new Task being added).

Reviewer: should we say that calling `DescribeTaskQueue` also reloads the task queue?

Author: added this scenario for reload

You can rely on both these counts when making scaling decisions.

#### Known accuracy limitations {#backlog-accuracy-limitations}

These values are approximate.
The most common sources:

> - **Overcount from invalid or expired Tasks**: Tasks belonging to cancelled, terminated, completed, or timed out Workflows (and Activities) stay in the count until they reach the head of the queue and are processed and discarded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Overcount from invalid or expired Tasks**: Tasks belonging to cancelled, terminated, completed, or timed out Workflows and Activities stay in the count until they reach the head of the queue and are processed and discarded.
```

  An invalid or expired Task at the head is removed quickly, so it rarely holds up the count for long.

>   A valid Task at the head can stay there longer when there aren't enough Workers to dispatch it; while it sits there, invalid or expired Tasks queued behind it cannot be removed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  A valid Task at the head can stay there longer when there aren't enough Workers to dispatch it. While it sits there, invalid or expired Tasks queued behind it cannot be removed.
```

>   Invalid and expired Tasks are eventually accounted for, but the count may not return to a fully accurate value because of other sources of discrepancy (such as infrequent metadata updates and database row expirations).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Invalid and expired Tasks are eventually accounted for, but the count may not return to a fully accurate value because of other sources of discrepancy like infrequent metadata updates and database row expirations.
```
